# QUOTEX Trading Wikipedia - A Comprehensive Guide

## Introduction

QUOTEX is a binary options and forex broker registered in Saint Vincent
and the Grenadines. It is not regulated by any major financial
regulatory body. In this article, we will provide you with a
comprehensive overview of QUOTEX, including its pros and cons, trading
platforms, account types, fees, and customer service.

## Pros and Cons of QUOTEX

\*\*Pros:\*\* \* Offers a wide range of trading instruments \* Low
minimum deposit (\$10) \* No deposit or withdrawal fees \* Demo account
available for practice \*\*Cons:\*\* \* Unregulated \* Reports of scam
activities \* Limited educational resources and research tools

## Trading Platforms

QUOTEX offers three trading platforms: \* WebTrader \* Desktop \* Mobile
(iPhone, Android)

## Account Types

QUOTEX offers two types of accounts: \* Demo account: A free account
with \$10,000 virtual capital for practice trading. \* Real account: A
live trading account that requires a minimum deposit of \$10.

## Fees

QUOTEX does not charge any deposit or withdrawal fees. However, payment
systems may charge their own fees. QUOTEX also charges an inactivity fee
of \$5 per month after 6 months of inactivity.

## Customer Service

QUOTEX\'s customer service can be reached by email or social media.
However, there is no 24/7 live chat or phone support available.

## Is QUOTEX Safe or a Scam?

QUOTEX is not a safe broker to trade with. It is unregulated and there
have been numerous reports of scam activities. Traders are advised to
avoid trading with QUOTEX and to seek out a broker with proper
regulation and a good reputation in the industry.

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

\*\*Q: Is QUOTEX regulated?\*\* A: No, QUOTEX is not regulated by any
major financial regulatory body. \*\*Q: What is the minimum deposit for
QUOTEX?\*\* A: The minimum initial deposit with QUOTEX is just \$10.
\*\*Q: Does QUOTEX offer a demo account?\*\* A: Yes, QUOTEX offers a
demo account with \$10,000 virtual capital for practice trading. \*\*Q:
What is the inactivity fee for QUOTEX?\*\* A: QUOTEX charges an
inactivity fee of \$5 per month after 6 months of inactivity. \*\*Q: Is
QUOTEX a good broker for beginners?\*\* A: No, QUOTEX is not a good
choice for beginners. It lacks legitimate regulation and there have been
numerous reports of scam activities.

## Conclusion

Overall, QUOTEX is an unregulated and potentially fraudulent broker with
many red flags. Traders should avoid trading with QUOTEX and consider
other regulated and reputable brokers instead. [Start Trading with a
Reputable Broker](\%22https://traff.sbs/brokerqxsignup\%22)

